[Music]
we
and
my God
he
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
and
Okay
[Music]
Oh
m
[Music]
poussan
c
we
[Music]
[Applause]
favorite marine the pen of far away marine
the pen
they are both different to my
very complementary opinions embodies the
youth the run
it's the only one that would be able to
gather she has a nice step of a
great work capacity and that's
especially a woman in the field and who is
listening I will say of all
populations they give a breath
new to our movement posed the
good questions to people and people
are attracted to his social speech
these people often say that they
attracting movement because by its
charisma if I think
we in lille was created around her
around the personality and I think
that it would be very sad for the
national movement of foreheads
national to separate for the future
from the national front I think that's
marine the pen that the most to
to bring the national front to the
summits
[Music]
it is not impossible
we can even consider that there is this
that's called an April 21 upside down
April 21 upside down and May 1 to 6
back to the site
the candidate from the left I do not know
that he will be against the pen
second round where I 'm going nothing marine
against martin I tried to gather
around marine the pen for the congress
makes appreciate to win the
presidential
dear friends thank you for your visit on this
site and many brands of
support in you do by every day
these testimonials are for me and for
the team that surrounds me with encouragement
prodigious I would say irreplaceable
like a lot in the country
you feel that he is in the process of
to spend something in France and
europe for everyone
the failure of nicolas sarkozy is
today patent price in these
inconsistencies and his politicians calculations
the scheme begins to sink into a
chiraquisation that transpires in the
choice of men
the presidential style already seen but
especially in the tragic absence of
vision and solutions more than ever
everyone senses that we are the
only to be able to engage the great
alternative
the real alternative the one that will tear
the country of bim
in 2012 the French will have an option
clear a simple option an option
exclusive the choice between the ump is
favorable to globalization and therefore to
the submersion of France and the choice
of the national front candidate
defenders of our nation the dynamics
is on our side and our family
politics with a resonant candidate
with the country can create surprise can
have an appointment with the story
all studies show that I am
for 2012 best placed to wear
our colors
so I need you all but
support in conversations by
messages it's good it's great
but because it's an internal vote that
will determine the president of the front
National presidential and thus the
national front you can take a
more direct part to this decision
crucial
you need to become a member
either the unconscious for the forehead
national
a lot of 2012 is being played out
moment there are a few days left for
your membership are taken into account
to allow you to vote in Congress
take your membership is very simple
you just have to click here does this
gesture not only will you get into
the big family of the national front for
to live with us the beautiful adventure
human and activist who opens up and who
will I am sure for you a
extraordinary personal adventure and
collective but above all very
immediately very concretely
your membership will help you to ask
the milestones of our victory
our victory will be your victory
do not doubt it will be that of France
so dear friends give me the opportunity
to tell you welcome to the fund